system/
system/app/
system/app/AccountAndSyncSettings.apk
system/app/AccountAndSyncSettings.odex
system/app/ActivityNetwork.apk
system/app/ApplicationsProvider.apk
system/app/ApplicationsProvider.odex
system/app/Bluetooth.apk
system/app/Bluetooth.odex
system/app/Browser.apk
system/app/Browser.odex
system/app/Calculator3.apk
system/app/Calculator3.odex
system/app/Calendar.apk
system/app/Calendar.odex
system/app/CalendarImporter.apk
system/app/CalendarImporter.odex
system/app/CalendarProvider.apk
system/app/CalendarProvider.odex
system/app/CameraOpen.apk
system/app/CameraOpen.odex
system/app/CellConnService.apk
system/app/CellConnService.odex
system/app/CertInstaller.apk
system/app/CertInstaller.odex
system/app/ContactsProvider.apk
system/app/ContactsProvider.odex
system/app/ContactsSamsungG3.apk
system/app/ContactsSamsungG3.odex
system/app/DefaultContainerService.apk
system/app/DefaultContainerService.odex
system/app/DesktopClock.apk
system/app/DesktopClock.odex
system/app/DownloadProvider.apk
system/app/DownloadProvider.odex
system/app/DownloadProviderUi.apk
system/app/DownloadProviderUi.odex
system/app/DrmProvider.apk
system/app/DrmProvider.odex
system/app/Email.apk
system/app/Email.odex
system/app/EngineerMode.apk
system/app/EngineerMode.odex
system/app/EngineerModeSim.apk
system/app/EngineerModeSim.odex
system/app/FMRadio.apk
system/app/FMRadio.odex
system/app/Facebook.apk
system/app/FactoryMode.apk
system/app/FactoryMode.odex
system/app/FileManager.apk
system/app/FileManager.odex
system/app/GCalib.apk
system/app/GCalib.odex
system/app/Gallery3D.apk
system/app/Gallery3D.odex
system/app/GetJar.apk
system/app/Gmail.apk
system/app/GoogleBackupTransport.apk
system/app/GoogleCalendarSyncAdapter.apk
system/app/GoogleContactsSyncAdapter.apk
system/app/GoogleFeedback.apk
system/app/GoogleServicesFramework.apk
system/app/HTMLViewer.apk
system/app/HTMLViewer.odex
system/app/LatinIME.apk
system/app/LatinIME.odex
system/app/LauncherICS.apk
system/app/LauncherICS.odex
system/app/LiveWallpapersPicker_gles20.apk
system/app/LiveWallpapersPicker_gles20.odex
system/app/LiveWallpapers_gles20.apk
system/app/LiveWallpapers_gles20.odex
system/app/MTKAndroidSuiteDaemon.apk
system/app/MTKAndroidSuiteDaemon.odex
system/app/MagicSmokeWallpapers_gles20.apk
system/app/MagicSmokeWallpapers_gles20.odex
system/app/MediaProvider.apk
system/app/MediaProvider.odex
system/app/MediaTekLocationProvider.apk
system/app/MmsSamsung.apk
system/app/MmsSamsung.odex
system/app/MobileLog.apk
system/app/MtkBt.apk
system/app/MtkBt.odex
system/app/MtkLiveWallpapers.apk
system/app/MtkLiveWallpapers.odex
system/app/MtkWallPaper.apk
system/app/MtkWallPaper.odex
system/app/Music.apk
system/app/Music.odex
system/app/Omacp.apk
system/app/Omacp.odex
system/app/PackageInstaller.apk
system/app/PackageInstaller.odex
system/app/PermissionGrant.apk
system/app/PermissionGrant.odex
system/app/Phone.apk
system/app/Phone.odex
system/app/PicoTts.apk
system/app/PicoTts.odex
system/app/PlayStore.apk
system/app/Protips.apk
system/app/Protips.odex
system/app/Provision.apk
system/app/Provision.odex
system/app/QuickSearchBox.apk
system/app/QuickSearchBox.odex
system/app/SamsungDeskclock.apk
system/app/SamsungDeskclock.odex
system/app/Settings.apk
system/app/Settings.odex
system/app/SettingsProvider.apk
system/app/SettingsProvider.odex
system/app/SoundRecorder.apk
system/app/SoundRecorder.odex
system/app/Stk1.apk
system/app/Stk1.odex
system/app/Stk2.apk
system/app/Stk2.odex
system/app/StkSelection.apk
system/app/StkSelection.odex
system/app/SystemUISamsungStyle1.apk
system/app/SystemUISamsungStyle1.odex
system/app/TelephonyProvider.apk
system/app/TelephonyProvider.odex
system/app/TinyFlashlight.apk
system/app/TtsService.apk
system/app/TtsService.odex
system/app/UserDictionaryProvider.apk
system/app/UserDictionaryProvider.odex
system/app/VideoPlayer.apk
system/app/VideoPlayer.odex
system/app/VisualizationWallpapers_gles20.apk
system/app/VisualizationWallpapers_gles20.odex
system/app/VpnServices.apk
system/app/VpnServices.odex
system/bin/
system/bin/6620_launcher
system/bin/acdktest
system/bin/aee
system/bin/aee_aed
system/bin/aee_debuggerd
system/bin/aee_dumpstate
system/bin/aee_minizip
system/bin/am
system/bin/app_process
system/bin/applypatch
system/bin/atci
system/bin/bmgr
system/bin/boot_logo_updater
system/bin/bootanimation
system/bin/btconfig
system/bin/btlogmask
system/bin/bugreport
system/bin/cat -> toolbox
system/bin/ccaptest
system/bin/ccci_fsd
system/bin/ccci_mdinit
system/bin/chmod -> toolbox
system/bin/chown -> toolbox
system/bin/cmp -> toolbox
system/bin/dalvikvm
system/bin/date -> toolbox
system/bin/dbus-daemon
system/bin/dd -> toolbox
system/bin/debuggerd -> aee_debuggerd
system/bin/dexopt
system/bin/df -> toolbox
system/bin/dhcpcd
system/bin/dm_agent_binder
system/bin/dmesg -> toolbox
system/bin/dnsmasq
system/bin/drmioserver
system/bin/drmserver
system/bin/dumpstate
system/bin/dumpsys
system/bin/dvz
system/bin/em_svr
system/bin/factory
system/bin/fsck_msdos
system/bin/getevent -> toolbox
system/bin/getprop -> toolbox
system/bin/gsensor_calibrator
system/bin/gsm0710muxd
system/bin/gzip
system/bin/hald
system/bin/hd -> toolbox
system/bin/hdc
system/bin/id -> toolbox
system/bin/ifconfig -> toolbox
system/bin/iftop -> toolbox
system/bin/ime
system/bin/input
system/bin/insmod -> toolbox
system/bin/installd
system/bin/ioctl -> toolbox
system/bin/ionice -> toolbox
system/bin/iptables
system/bin/keystore
system/bin/kill -> toolbox
system/bin/kpd_auto
system/bin/linker
system/bin/ln -> toolbox
system/bin/log -> toolbox
system/bin/logcat
system/bin/logwrapper
system/bin/ls -> toolbox
system/bin/lsmod -> toolbox
system/bin/lsof -> toolbox
system/bin/mac_addr
system/bin/md_minilog_util
system/bin/mdpd
system/bin/mediaserver
system/bin/memorydumper
system/bin/mfv_ut
system/bin/mkdir -> toolbox
system/bin/mke2fs
system/bin/mobile_log_d
system/bin/monkey
system/bin/mount -> toolbox
system/bin/msensord
system/bin/mtk_agpsd
system/bin/mtk_ifconfig
system/bin/mtk_netstat
system/bin/mtk_route
system/bin/mtkbt
system/bin/mtpd
system/bin/muxreport
system/bin/mv -> toolbox
system/bin/nandread -> toolbox
system/bin/ndc
system/bin/netcfg
system/bin/netd
system/bin/netdiag
system/bin/netstat -> toolbox
system/bin/newfs_msdos -> toolbox
system/bin/notify -> toolbox
system/bin/nvram_agent_binder
system/bin/nvram_custom
system/bin/nvram_daemon
system/bin/nvram_restore_tool
system/bin/omx_tests
system/bin/p2p_cli
system/bin/p2p_supplicant
system/bin/ping
system/bin/pm
system/bin/pppd
system/bin/printenv -> toolbox
system/bin/ps -> toolbox
system/bin/racoon
system/bin/reboot -> toolbox
system/bin/renice -> toolbox
system/bin/resize2fs
system/bin/rild
system/bin/rm -> toolbox
system/bin/rmdir -> toolbox
system/bin/rmmod -> toolbox
system/bin/route -> toolbox
system/bin/rtt
system/bin/run-as
system/bin/sbchk
system/bin/schedtest
system/bin/schedtop -> toolbox
system/bin/sdcard
system/bin/sendevent -> toolbox
system/bin/service
system/bin/servicemanager
system/bin/setconsole -> toolbox
system/bin/setprop -> toolbox
system/bin/sh
system/bin/shutdown
system/bin/sleep -> toolbox
system/bin/smd -> toolbox
system/bin/start -> toolbox
system/bin/stop -> toolbox
system/bin/stp_dump3
system/bin/surfaceflinger
system/bin/svc
system/bin/sync -> toolbox
system/bin/system_server
system/bin/tc
system/bin/toolbox
system/bin/top -> toolbox
system/bin/umount -> toolbox
system/bin/uptime -> toolbox
system/bin/vdc
system/bin/vmstat -> toolbox
system/bin/vold
system/bin/watchprops -> toolbox
system/bin/wipe -> toolbox
system/bin/wpa_supplicant
system/bin/xlog
system/build.prop
system/etc/
system/etc/NOTICE.html.gz
system/etc/apns-conf.xml
system/etc/dbus.conf
system/etc/dhcpcd/
system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/
system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf
system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/95-configured
system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-run-hooks
system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd.conf
system/etc/event-log-tags
system/etc/factory.ini
system/etc/firmware/
system/etc/firmware/DSP_ROM
system/etc/firmware/S_ANDRO_SFL.ini
system/etc/firmware/WIFI_RAM_CODE_MT6628
system/etc/firmware/WMT.cfg
system/etc/firmware/modem.img
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_rom.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v1_coeff.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v1_patch.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v2_coeff.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v2_patch.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v3_coeff.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v3_patch.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v4_coeff.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v4_patch.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v5_coeff.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_fm_v5_patch.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_patch_e1_hdr.bin
system/etc/firmware/mt6628_patch_e2_hdr.bin
system/etc/fm_cust.cfg
system/etc/hosts
system/etc/init.goldfish.sh
system/etc/location_service_conf.xml
system/etc/mtk_omx_core.cfg
system/etc/permissions/
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.bluetooth.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.camera.front.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.camera.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.location.gps.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.microphone.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.sensor.accelerometer.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.sensor.compass.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.sensor.gyroscope.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.sensor.light.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.sensor.proximity.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.telephony.gsm.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.touchscreen.multitouch.distinct.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.touchscreen.multitouch.jazzhand.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.touchscreen.multitouch.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.hardware.wifi.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.software.live_wallpaper.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.software.sip.voip.xml
system/etc/permissions/android.software.sip.xml
system/etc/permissions/com.google.android.maps.xml
system/etc/permissions/com.mediatek.framework.xml
system/etc/permissions/features.xml
system/etc/permissions/platform.xml
system/etc/piggy_bank.sh
system/etc/player.cfg
system/etc/ppp/
system/etc/ppp/ip-up-vpn
system/etc/pvplayer.cfg
system/etc/security/
system/etc/security/cacerts.bks
system/etc/security/otacerts.zip
system/etc/spn-conf.xml
system/etc/theme/
system/etc/theme/thememap.xml
system/etc/vold.fstab
system/etc/vold.fstab.fat.nand
system/etc/vold.fstab.nand
system/etc/wifi/
system/etc/wifi/p2p.conf
system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf
system/fonts/
system/fonts/Clockopia.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSans-Bold.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSans.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSansArabic.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSansFallback.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSansHebrew.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSansHindi.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSansMono.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSansThai.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSerif-Bold.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSerif-BoldItalic.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSerif-Italic.ttf
system/fonts/DroidSerif-Regular.ttf
system/fonts/Mya.ttf
system/fonts/SegoeWP.ttf
system/framework/
system/framework/DMAgent.jar
system/framework/DMAgent.odex
system/framework/am.jar
system/framework/am.odex
system/framework/android.policy.jar
system/framework/android.policy.odex
system/framework/android.test.runner.jar
system/framework/android.test.runner.odex
system/framework/bmgr.jar
system/framework/bmgr.odex
system/framework/bouncycastle.jar
system/framework/bouncycastle.odex
system/framework/com.android.location.provider.jar
system/framework/com.google.android.maps.jar
system/framework/com.mediatek.framework.jar
system/framework/com.mediatek.framework.odex
system/framework/core-junit.jar
system/framework/core-junit.odex
system/framework/core.jar
system/framework/core.odex
system/framework/emwireless_lib.jar
system/framework/emwireless_lib.odex
system/framework/ext.jar
system/framework/ext.odex
system/framework/framework-res.apk
system/framework/framework.jar
system/framework/framework.odex
system/framework/ime.jar
system/framework/ime.odex
system/framework/input.jar
system/framework/input.odex
system/framework/javax.obex.jar
system/framework/javax.obex.odex
system/framework/monkey.jar
system/framework/monkey.odex
system/framework/mtkBase-res.apk
system/framework/mtklockscreen.jar
system/framework/mtklockscreen.odex
system/framework/pm.jar
system/framework/pm.odex
system/framework/services.jar
system/framework/services.odex
system/framework/sqlite-jdbc.jar
system/framework/sqlite-jdbc.odex
system/framework/svc.jar
system/framework/svc.odex
system/framework/wappush.jar
system/framework/wbxml.jar
system/framework/wbxml.odex
system/lib/
system/lib/drm/
system/lib/drm/plugins/
system/lib/drm/plugins/native/
system/lib/drm/plugins/native/libdrmmtkplugin.so
system/lib/egl/
system/lib/egl/egl.cfg
system/lib/egl/libGLES_android.so
system/lib/hw/
system/lib/hw/gps.default.so
system/lib/hw/gralloc.default.so
system/lib/hw/lights.default.so
system/lib/hw/sensors.mt6575.so
system/lib/libEGL.so
system/lib/libETC1.so
system/lib/libFFTEm.so
system/lib/libGLESv1_CM.so
system/lib/libGLESv2.so
system/lib/libJniAtvService.so
system/lib/libJniVideoSurface.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxAMRNBDec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxAMRWBDec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxAacDec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxAacEnc.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxAmrEnc.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxApeDec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxAwbEnc.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxCookDec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxCore.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxG711Dec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxMp3Dec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxVdec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxVenc.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxVorbisDec.so
system/lib/libMtkOmxVorbisEnc.so
system/lib/libOpenSLES.so
system/lib/libRS.so
system/lib/libSR_AudioIn.so
system/lib/libaacdec_mtk.so
system/lib/libacc.so
system/lib/libacdk.so
system/lib/libaed.so
system/lib/libagpssupl.so
system/lib/libamrenc.so
system/lib/libandroid.so
system/lib/libandroid_runtime.so
system/lib/libandroid_servers.so
system/lib/libapedec_mtk.so
system/lib/libappc.so
system/lib/libatvctrlservice.so
system/lib/libaudiocompensationfilter.so
system/lib/libaudiodcrflt.so
system/lib/libaudioeffect_jni.so
system/lib/libaudioeffectparam.so
system/lib/libaudioflinger.so
system/lib/libaudiosetting.so
system/lib/libawb.so
system/lib/libbessound_mtk.so
system/lib/libbinder.so
system/lib/libblisrc.so
system/lib/libbluetoothem_mtk.so
system/lib/libbluetoothinit_mtk.so
system/lib/libbtpcm.so
system/lib/libbwcs_mtk.so
system/lib/libc.so
system/lib/libcamalgo.so
system/lib/libcamera_client.so
system/lib/libcameracustom.so
system/lib/libcameraservice.so
system/lib/libcok.so
system/lib/libcpucapabilities.so
system/lib/libcrypto.so
system/lib/libctest.so
system/lib/libcustom_nvram.so
system/lib/libcutils.so
system/lib/libdalvik-internals.so
system/lib/libdbus.so
system/lib/libdcfdecoderjni.so
system/lib/libdeltat.so
system/lib/libdiskconfig.so
system/lib/libdl.so
system/lib/libdrm1.so
system/lib/libdrm1_jni.so
system/lib/libdrmframework.so
system/lib/libdrmframework_jni.so
system/lib/libdrmmtkutil.so
system/lib/libdvm.so
system/lib/libdvm_debug.so
system/lib/libeffects.so
system/lib/libeis.so
system/lib/libem_chip_support_jni.so
system/lib/libem_dsense_jni.so
system/lib/libem_gpio_jni.so
system/lib/libem_jni.so
system/lib/libem_modem_jni.so
system/lib/libembttest_jni.so
system/lib/libemoji.so
system/lib/libemwifi_jni.so
system/lib/libexif.so
system/lib/libexpat.so
system/lib/libext4_utils.so
system/lib/libextavrcp.so
system/lib/libextavrcp_jni.so
system/lib/libextbip.so
system/lib/libextbip_jni.so
system/lib/libextbpp.so
system/lib/libextbpp_jni.so
system/lib/libextdun_jni.so
system/lib/libextftp.so
system/lib/libextftp_jni.so
system/lib/libexthid.so
system/lib/libexthid_jni.so
system/lib/libextjsr82.so
system/lib/libextmap.so
system/lib/libextmap_jni.so
system/lib/libextopp.so
system/lib/libextopp_jni.so
system/lib/libextpan_jni.so
system/lib/libextpbap.so
system/lib/libextpbap_jni.so
system/lib/libextsimap.so
system/lib/libextsimap_jni.so
system/lib/libextsys.so
system/lib/libextsys_jni.so
system/lib/libfile_op.so
system/lib/libfmar1000.so
system/lib/libfmcust.so
system/lib/libfmjni.so
system/lib/libfmmt6616.so
system/lib/libfmmt6620.so
system/lib/libfmmt6626.so
system/lib/libfmmt6628.so
system/lib/libft.so
system/lib/libgalleryjni.so
system/lib/libgsensorjni.so
system/lib/libgui.so
system/lib/libh264dec_ca9_lib.so
system/lib/libh264dec_customize.so
system/lib/libhandwriting_engine.so
system/lib/libhardware.so
system/lib/libhardware_legacy.so
system/lib/libhciattach_mtk.so
system/lib/libheaacdec_mtk.so
system/lib/libheadphonecompensationfilter.so
system/lib/libhwm.so
system/lib/libicui18n.so
system/lib/libicuuc.so
system/lib/libinput_engine.so
system/lib/libiprouteutil.so
system/lib/libjni_latinime.so
system/lib/libjni_pinyinime.so
system/lib/libjnigraphics.so
system/lib/libjpeg.so
system/lib/liblog.so
system/lib/libm.so
system/lib/libmatv_cust.so
system/lib/libmcamif.so
system/lib/libmedia.so
system/lib/libmedia_jni.so
system/lib/libmediaplayerservice.so
system/lib/libmediatek_drvb.so
system/lib/libmediatek_exceptionlog.so
system/lib/libmemorydumper.so
system/lib/libmexif.so
system/lib/libmhal.so
system/lib/libmhalcontent.so
system/lib/libmhaldrv.so
system/lib/libmhalpipe.so
system/lib/libmhalscenario.so
system/lib/libmhalutility.so
system/lib/libmp3dec_mtk.so
system/lib/libmp4dec_ca9_lib.so
system/lib/libmp4dec_customize.so
system/lib/libmpeg4enc_ca9.so
system/lib/libmpo.so
system/lib/libmpodecoder.so
system/lib/libmpoencoder.so
system/lib/libmpojni.so
system/lib/libmtk_dictionary.so
system/lib/libmtk_telephony_log.so
system/lib/libmtka2dp.so
system/lib/libmtkbtextadp.so
system/lib/libmtkbtextadpa2dp.so
system/lib/libmtkbtextpan.so
system/lib/libmtkbtextspp.so
system/lib/libmtkhdmi_jni.so
system/lib/libmtkosal.so
system/lib/libmtkplayer.so
system/lib/libmtkse.so
system/lib/libmtktvout_jni.so
system/lib/libmtktvout_vlw_jni.so
system/lib/libmtktvout_vw_jni.so
system/lib/libnative.so
system/lib/libnativehelper.so
system/lib/libnetlink.so
system/lib/libnetutils.so
system/lib/libnfc_ndef.so
system/lib/libnvram.so
system/lib/libomx_aacdec_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_amrdec_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_amrenc_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_avcdec_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_m4vdec_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_m4venc_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_mp3dec_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libomx_wmvdec_sharedlibrary.so
system/lib/libopencore_common.so
system/lib/libp2p_client.so
system/lib/libpalsecurity.so
system/lib/libpalwlan_mtk.so
system/lib/libpixelflinger.so
system/lib/libpppbtdun.so
system/lib/librilmtk.so
system/lib/librs_jni.so
system/lib/librtp_jni.so
system/lib/librv9dec_ca9.so
system/lib/librv9dec_customize.so
system/lib/libsec.so
system/lib/libsensorservice.so
system/lib/libskia.so
system/lib/libskiagl.so
system/lib/libsonivox.so
system/lib/libsoundpool.so
system/lib/libsqlite.so
system/lib/libsqlite_jni.so
system/lib/libsrec_jni.so
system/lib/libssl.so
system/lib/libssladp.so
system/lib/libstagefright.so
system/lib/libstagefright_amrnb_common.so
system/lib/libstagefright_avc_common.so
system/lib/libstagefright_color_conversion.so
system/lib/libstagefright_enc_common.so
system/lib/libstagefright_foundation.so
system/lib/libstagefright_omx.so
system/lib/libstagefright_pmemutil.so
system/lib/libstagefrighthw.so
system/lib/libstdc++.so
system/lib/libstlport.so
system/lib/libstlport_shared.so
system/lib/libsurfaceflinger.so
system/lib/libsurfaceflinger_client.so
system/lib/libsystem_server.so
system/lib/libsysutils.so
system/lib/libthread_db.so
system/lib/libtinyxml.so
system/lib/libtracker.so
system/lib/libttspico.so
system/lib/libttssynthproxy.so
system/lib/libtvoutjni.so
system/lib/libtvoutpattern.so
system/lib/libui.so
system/lib/libutilrilmtk.so
system/lib/libutils.so
system/lib/libvcodec_oal.so
system/lib/libvcodec_utility.so
system/lib/libvcodecdrv.so
system/lib/libvo_aacenc.so
system/lib/libvoicesearch.so
system/lib/libvorbisenc_mtk.so
system/lib/libvorbisidec.so
system/lib/libvorbisidec_mtk.so
system/lib/libvp8dec_ca9_lib.so
system/lib/libwebcore.so
system/lib/libwpa_client.so
system/lib/libxml2.so
system/lib/libz.so
system/lib/modules/
system/lib/modules/aed.ko
system/lib/modules/ccci.ko
system/lib/modules/ccci_plat.ko
system/lib/modules/ccmni.ko
system/lib/modules/devinfo.ko
system/lib/modules/eeprom_93cx6.ko
system/lib/modules/lca_core.ko
system/lib/modules/mt6575_m4u.ko
system/lib/modules/mt6575_vcodec_kernel_driver.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_drvb_75.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_fm_drv.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_fm_priv.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_hif_sdio.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_hif_sdio_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_bt.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_bt_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_core_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_gps.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_gps_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_sdio.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_sdio_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_uart.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_uart_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_wmt.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_stp_wmt_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/mtk_wmt_wifi.ko
system/lib/modules/mtkbc.ko
system/lib/modules/mtklfb.ko
system/lib/modules/p2p.ko
system/lib/modules/pvrsrvkm.ko
system/lib/modules/sbup.ko
system/lib/modules/scsi_tgt.ko
system/lib/modules/scsi_wait_scan.ko
system/lib/modules/sec.ko
system/lib/modules/wlan.ko -> wlan_mt6628.ko
system/lib/modules/wlan_mt6620.ko
system/lib/modules/wlan_mt6628.ko
system/lib/mtk-ril.so
system/lib/soundfx/
system/lib/soundfx/libbundlewrapper.so
system/lib/soundfx/libreverbwrapper.so
system/lib/soundfx/libvisualizer.so
system/lost+found/
system/media/
system/media/audio/
system/media/audio/alarms/
system/media/audio/alarms/Alarm_Beep_01.ogg
system/media/audio/alarms/Alarm_Beep_02.ogg
system/media/audio/alarms/Alarm_Beep_03.ogg
system/media/audio/alarms/Alarm_Buzzer.ogg
system/media/audio/alarms/Alarm_Classic.ogg
system/media/audio/alarms/Alarm_Rooster_02.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/
system/media/audio/notifications/Beat_Box_Android.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/CaffeineSnake.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/DearDeer.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/DontPanic.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/F1_MissedCall.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/F1_New_MMS.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/F1_New_SMS.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/Heaven.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/Highwire.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/KzurbSonar.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/OnTheHunt.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/TaDa.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/Tinkerbell.ogg
system/media/audio/notifications/Voila.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/
system/media/audio/ringtones/BeatPlucker.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/BentleyDubs.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/BirdLoop.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/CaribbeanIce.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/CrazyDream.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/CurveBall.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/DreamTheme.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/EtherShake.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/FriendlyGhost.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/GameOverGuitar.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Growl.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/InsertCoin.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/LoopyLounge.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/LoveFlute.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/MidEvilJaunt.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/MildlyAlarming.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/NewPlayer.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Noises1.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Noises2.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Noises3.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/OrganDub.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Ring_Classic_02.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Ring_Digital_02.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Ring_Synth_02.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Ring_Synth_04.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/RomancingTheTone.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/SitarVsSitar.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/SpringyJalopy.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/Terminated.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/TwirlAway.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/VeryAlarmed.ogg
system/media/audio/ringtones/World.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/
system/media/audio/ui/Effect_Tick.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/KeypressDelete.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/KeypressReturn.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/KeypressSpacebar.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/KeypressStandard.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/Lock.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/Unlock.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/VideoRecord.ogg
system/media/audio/ui/camera_click.ogg
system/media/bootanimation.zip
system/media/bootaudio.mp3
system/media/images/
system/media/images/boot_logo
system/media/shutanimation.zip
system/media/shutaudio.mp3
system/res/
system/res/images/
system/res/images/lcd_test_00.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_01.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_02.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_03.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_04.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_05.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_06.png
system/res/images/lcd_test_07.png
system/secro/
system/secro/lost+found/
system/usr/
system/usr/icu/
system/usr/icu/icudt44l.dat
system/usr/keychars/
system/usr/keychars/mt6575-kpd.kcm.bin
system/usr/keychars/qwerty.kcm.bin
system/usr/keychars/qwerty2.kcm.bin
system/usr/keylayout/
system/usr/keylayout/AVRCP.kl
system/usr/keylayout/mt6575-kpd.kl
system/usr/keylayout/qwerty.kl
system/usr/share/
system/usr/share/bmd/
system/usr/share/bmd/RFFspeed_501.bmd
system/usr/share/bmd/RFFstd_501.bmd
system/usr/share/zoneinfo/
system/usr/share/zoneinfo/zoneinfo.dat
system/usr/share/zoneinfo/zoneinfo.idx
system/usr/share/zoneinfo/zoneinfo.version
system/usr/srec/
system/usr/srec/config/
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/baseline.par
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/baseline11k.par
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/baseline8k.par
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/dictionary/
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/dictionary/basic.ok
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/dictionary/cmu6plus.ok.zip
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/dictionary/enroll.ok
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/g2p/
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/g2p/en-US-ttp.data
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/grammars/
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/grammars/VoiceDialer.g2g
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/grammars/boolean.g2g
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/grammars/phone_type_choice.g2g
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic.swiarb
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic11.lda
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic11_f.swimdl
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic11_m.swimdl
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic8.lda
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic8_f.swimdl
system/usr/srec/config/en.us/models/generic8_m.swimdl
system/vendor/
system/vendor/bin/
system/vendor/bin/pvrsrvinit
system/vendor/bin/rc.fac
system/vendor/lib/
system/vendor/lib/egl/
system/vendor/lib/egl/libEGL_mtk.so
system/vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv1_CM_mtk.so
system/vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv2_mtk.so
system/vendor/lib/hw/
system/vendor/lib/hw/gralloc.mt6575.so
system/vendor/lib/libBLPP.so
system/vendor/lib/libIMGegl.so
system/vendor/lib/libPVRScopeServices.so
system/vendor/lib/libglslcompiler.so
system/vendor/lib/libpvr2d.so
system/vendor/lib/libpvrANDROID_WSEGL.so
system/vendor/lib/libsrv_init.so
system/vendor/lib/libsrv_um.so
system/vendor/lib/libusc.so
system/xbin/
system/xbin/dexdump
system/xbin/iwconfig
system/xbin/iwevent
system/xbin/iwgetid
system/xbin/iwlist
system/xbin/iwpriv
system/xbin/iwspy
system/xbin/su
system/xbin/tcpdump
